the better a person knows a bear the
more they like them because as you get
to know them you get to realize they're
not the dangerous animals we once
thought
and so a person can get feel close to a
certain bear but if you feel that way
too quickly it can be just one action on
the Bears part destroys everything it's
taken just a few weeks for me to feel
really connected with this family Lily
are you interested
but today she doesn't come straight up
and take the greeting from my hand
nervous about something I think there's
a tree squeaking over there
[Music]
they put two
that's the deal you and I you're gonna
be friends yeah we're gonna be good
friends
let's party though there just seems a
natural thing to do every time I see
Lily Pope up a little bit more
courage and I put my hand out to your
cub is that okay Oh No Wow hope that was
the first time I touched your nose I
[Music]
don't really have to show you how
magical this is because who in the world
wouldn't want to do this here you go I'm
sorry
[Music]
we've just been bitten for the first
time right there okay
just bit my leg so okay
you want a bite
I was just looking up at hope I wasn't
keeping an eye on lily and what she was
doing she just grabbed my leg with her
teeth
we call a bite it's not a bite it's just
a warning really
[Music]
huh only how quickly it changes okay
Lily I don't have anything good in keep
that lip smacking as her letting me know
that she's nervous
I think Lily I'm gonna stand up okay
beer hey Lily I'm gonna start them there
you go I'm just gonna back away you're
not too happy
you